Friendship is the golden thread that ties the heart of all the world. – John Evelyn
There are friends, there is family, and then there are friends that become family. – Unknown
I’m not the wealthiest person in the world; but as long as I have you as my friend, I won’t need any other wealth. – Unknown
You’re such a wonderful person and even a more wonderful friend; having you in my life makes me feel lucky. – Unknown
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light. – Helen Keller
You’re not only my friend, but you’re also the family I chose for myself. Our friendship is the most precious to me. – Unknown
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. – Hubert H. Humphrey
Knowing that you’ve got my back gives me much serenity. Remember that I’ll always be there for you too. – Unknown
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together. – Woodrow T. Wilson
My friend, you’ve given me uncountable moments of happiness and for that, I’m forever indebted to you. – Unknown
A loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they’re not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they’re not so bad. – Arnold H. Glasgow
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. -Khalil Gibson
The constant love and support you’ve given me was beyond my wildest expectation. I’m blessed to have you in my life, mate. – Unknown
Friendship is everything. Friendship is more than talent. It is more than the government. It is almost the equal of family. – Mario Puzo
She is a friend of my mind. She gathers me, man. The pieces I am, she gathers them and gives them back to me in all the right order. – Toni Morrison
Friendship is the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person, having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words. – George Eliot 
A sweet friendship refreshes the soul. – Proverbs 27:9
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. – Walter Winchell
Calling you my best friend will never be enough, you are a part of my soul. Thank you for always being by my side. – Unknown
Sometimes, being with your best friend, is all the therapy you need. – Anonymous
You’re my guiding system, I would be so lost without you. Be beside me just the way you’ve been so far, best friend. – Unknown
Best friends are the people in your life who make you laugh louder, smile brighter, and live better. – Unknown
Friends make you smile — best friends make you giggle ’til you pee your pants. – Terri Guillemets
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. – Henry Ford
It’s not that diamonds are a girl’s best friend, but it’s your best friends who are your diamonds. – Gina Barreca
I’ve met so many people in life, but none have ever known me as much as you do, buddy. – Unknown
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.  – Eleanor Roosevelt
You’re such an inseparable part of my life that I can’t picture it without you. Let’s grow old together, best friend. – Unknown
Some people arrive and make such a beautiful impact on your life, you can barely remember what life without them – Anna Taylor
A good friend knows all your stories. A best friend helped you create them. – Anonymous
You’ve been with me through both the shiny days and thunderstorms. May your days ahead be full of rainbows. – Unknown
You’re a part of my every good memory and I hope to have you in all my future memories too. – Unknown
Love is blind; friendship tries not to notice. – Otto von Bismarck
If I had gotten a penny for every time I put up with your stupidity, I’d have become a billionaire by now. – Unknown
An old friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a dead body. – Jim Hayes
You have made thousands of wrong decisions in life, but making me your friend wasn’t one of them. – Unknown
Friendship is born at the moment when one man says to another ‘What! You too? – C.S. Lewis
I’m lucky to have you as my friend. Because people usually don’t get to see a clown for free! – Unknown
Knowledge cannot replace friendship. I’d rather be an idiot than lose you. – Patrick to SpongeBob
True friends don’t judge each other, they judge other people together. – Emilie Saint-Genis
People see your innocent face but only I know the devil behind it! Be grateful that I’m still with you. – Unknown
Friendship is like peeing in your pants. Everyone can see it, but only you can feel a warm feeling inside. – Robert Bloch
When you’re in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, ‘Damn, that was fun.' – Groucho Marx
Sometimes I think, ‘What is a friend?’ Then I say, ‘Friend is someone to share the last cookie with.’ -Cookie Monster
Keep being the person that you are and you’ll soon end up in an asylum. And I’ll be dragged with you too. – Unknown
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are, and then wait to hear the answer. – Ed Cunningham
There is nothing better than a friend unless it is a friend with chocolate. -Linda Grayson
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
A creature like you should have a Hazard Symbol on its forehead so that when people meet you, they know what they’re getting themselves into! – Unknown