Every year with you is the best one yet... cheers to many more.
Here’s to making more cherished memories in 2022!
I’m so proud of all your accomplishments this year — and I just can’t wait to see what you do in the next.
Whatever the new year has in store, we’ll be in it together. Happy new year to the love of my life.
The best thing I did this year was fall in love with you. Cheers to making more memories together in 2022!
Whatever the new year brings, I know I’ll achieve my goals with you by my side. Happy new year to my forever love!
Time flies when you’re with the love of your life. Cheers to another year together — and forever to go!
The new year brings in new opportunities, but I am forever grateful that all those changes will include having you by my side.
New year, new adventures with my best friend. I can’t wait!
In an extraordinary year, I’ve been grateful for your extraordinary friendship…. thank you. And cheers to new beginnings!
I’m so grateful for your support and love this year. Here’s to many more years of friendship!
Here’s to another year of making memories with you, my cherished friend. Happy New Year!
Friends are the family we choose for ourselves. Cheers to another year of sisterhood.
You deserve all the best: May all your wishes come true in 2022!
The future is your story to write… make next year the best one yet.
New Year’s Day is the first page in a blank book: Write a phenomenal story!
May all your wildest dreams manifest in 2022. You got this!
New year, new start. May all your dreams come true in 2022!
Cheers to a new year, new beginnings and the same friends!
Our friendship is like wine, and it's a new year of us getting better with age. Thank you for being you and cheers to what is coming our way.
New Year Wishes for Your Boss or Co-Workers
Cheers to more shared successes in the new year!
Wishing you and yours some well-deserved downtime and a very happy new year to come.
Cheers to health, happiness, and prosperity in 2022!
Wishing you and yours a safe, healthy, and prosperous new year!
Wishing you and yours a happy, healthy, and abundant 2022!
In our perfect ways. In the ways we are beautiful. In the ways we are human. We are here. Happy New Year’s. Let’s make it ours. —Beyonce
Kindness, kindness, kindness. I want to make a new year's prayer, not a resolution. I'm praying for courage. —Susan Sontag
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. —Eleanor Roosevelt
This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change. ―Taylor Swift
For last year's words belong to last year's language. And next year's words await another voice. —T.S. Eliot
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the New Year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves.—Bill Vaughn
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.—Oprah
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.—Albert Einstein
All of us every single year, we're a different person. I don't think we're the same person all our lives.—Steven Spielberg
I do not make resolutions for the New Year, but visualize and plan things.—Amala Akkineni
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.—Walt Disney
Life is an opportunity, benefit from it. Life is beauty, admire it. Life is a dream, realize it.—Mother Teresa
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. —William Shakespeare
The beginning is the most important part of the work. —Plato
No matter how hard the past is, you can always begin again. —Jack Kornfield