Your happy face makes my day, dear. Please take care of yourself and be happy. I love you.
You are the source of my every happiness, darling. Please pay attention to yourself and enjoy your time.
Love of my life, please be on your guard. Always keep your smile on and be watchful. Take care, love.
Babe, be careful and please take proper care of yourself and greet me with your relaxed happy face.
You are the most precious thing in my life. I pray to God that he keeps you safe always. Stay happy always and Take care sweetie. 
Trust me, spending my life in your arms is a great blessing from the Almighty. Please go easy on yourself.
Just as much you take care of my family and me, please take care of yourself too. I love you.
I would never leave an opportunity to make you feel loved as you are my special person. Enjoy your “me-time.”
You work hard to provide for our family, but please go easy on yourself. Love you to the moon and back.
Sunrise to sunset every moment I think about you. You always forget to take care of yourself; I request you please take care of your health. I love you!
There is a proverb that, “Behind every successful man there is a woman”. It is 100% true. Only for you, I’m here today. Thank you and please take care of yourself!
If I could, I would stick with you 24/7 to take care of yourself. But, you know it’s quite tough. So always take good care of yourself.
You are the special person in my life without whom I can’t think of anything. I know you are very busy with your work but taking care of your health is also mandatory. Take care, sweetheart.
Dear love! Are you thinking about me right now? I’m worried about your health. Do you know that you are my happiness? So take care of my happiness properly.
My Beloved wife! We are just apart for a few periods, but you know every second is like a decade for me. I can’t wait to see you. I’ll come back soon! Take care.
Dearest wife! You are the only person whose presence is a blessing to me. I miss you every moment. Come back soon and don’t forget to take care of yourself!
No matter what- you will always find me alongside you. I love you very much; please be extra careful. Love you tons.
Seeing you happy and healthy is what I ask from God. Please pay attention to yourself, babe. I beg you to do so, love yaa.
My love! Please Take care of yourself because you are my only happiness. Everything depends on the well-being of you! Love you forever!
Take care of your health before the doctors do it for you. I am sure you don’t want to visit a hospital at this age.
I know you are naturally beautiful. Do take care of yourself unless you want to prove to me it was all makeup. Just kidding! But seriously! Take care of your health.
I’m worried about your health because you are too busy with your work. Though you are so busy with work, I request you to take proper care of yourself. Stay well!
I’m sending a message to the cutest person alive, and I want you to know that I’m thinking of you 24/7. Always take good care of yourself dear.
Though you are not with me right now so I cannot take care of yourself, I hope you are doing it well! Please, do it for me; I love you!
Do you know how much I love you? I hope that you are taking care of yourself 24hours! If you are fit, everything seems ok to me, but if you don’t, nothing.
We love each other and will stay together always. To stay together forever, we have to take proper care of ourselves. I hope you understand that. Please take care of yourself!
Everything will be alright so stop worrying. Be positive and stay steady, sweetheart. I love you so much.
Sweetheart, never forget to take meals or care of yourself when you are busy. Without you, my life would be meaningless, so please watch out for yourself, love.
I am sending you all my positive energy and love- just take care of yourself, and everything will be alright. Love you more than ever, stay positive.
You are my world and my safe space- all at once. So, please take care of yourself as much I would have. Love you more than I can ever express in words.
Do you know that you are an inspiration for me? When I see you, I find my happiness. To stay awesome like this, you have to take care of your health very well!
You are the most inspiring woman I have ever seen. You love to accept challenges. But there is a challenge for you, that is, taking care of your health properly! I hope you’ll accept it.
Always live your life to the fullest. Enjoy the good moments but always keep in mind that your health comes first. Take care!
I wish you’ll acquire all the best gift of Almighty! For acquiring all that, you have to stay strong. So you have to take proper care of yourself every day!
There is no alternative to good health if you want to start your days in a fresh mood. So, no matter how busy you are, find time to take care of your body.
To become a successful woman, you have to take care of yourself. If you are fit by health and body, then you will become the inspiration of others! So take care of yourself properly!
If you want to go to the top, first you have to take care of yourself! I hope you’ll take good care of yourself and keep me out of stress.
Even though you can get on my nerve, I cannot afford to lose you, my love. So, please take care of your health, babe.
Paying the hospital bills will be an extra toll on us so please be watchful of yourself. Joking, I just want to see you always healthy and fine. Take care!
Even the oldest person in our family has better stamina and health condition than you. Please beat them down!
I will nag my life out if you do not start taking care of yourself. And I can be pretty dang annoying- just saying. Be careful, love.
You are my superwoman, so stay fit and healthy so that you can save me from any harm. Love yaa.
Try to take extra care of yourself just like you take extra care of your makeup products, and I will be the happiest. Stay safe, love you.
